_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

big chang about pages, pubs, about and others

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <b> &#x2022; </b> <b>Associate researcher at </b> <a>Zhongguancun Laboratory</a> 
  <br>
  <b> &#x2022; </b> <b>PhD and BSc</b> from <a href="https://www.buaa.edu.cn/">Beihang University</a>

profile:
  align: center
  image: profile.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Haidian Distinct</p>
    <p>Beijing</p>
    <p>China - 100191</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

<p> I am now a Research Scientist, Associate researcher(副研究员), in <strong>Zhongguancun Laboratory</strong>, Beijing, China. I received the Ph.D. degree in 2022 from <a href="https://www.buaa.edu.cn/">Beihang University</a> (<i>Summa Cum Laude</i>), supervised by Prof. <a href="http://sites.nlsde.buaa.edu.cn/~liwei/">Wei Li</a> and Prof. <a href="https://xlliu-beihang.github.io/">Xianglong Liu</a>. Before that, I obtained my BSc degree in 2018 from <a href="https://www.buaa.edu.cn/">Beihang University</a> (<i>Summa Cum Laude</i>).

<p> My research interest is <strong>Trustworthy AI</strong> in <strong>Multimodal (Computer Vision mainly)</strong>, which consists of the physical adversarial examples generation, adversarial defense and evaluation <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=RoFr1qcAAAAJ'><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scholar-1200+-4285F4?logo=googlescholar&labelColor=beige"></a>. I hold the review that physical adversarial attacks and defenses can powerfully promote the development of secure and robust artificial intelligence, leading to a healthier future society.</p>
                   
<p><span style="color:red"><strong>[Prospective students] Our group has positions for PhD students (Joint Education Programs with Beihang University), and visiting students. If you are interested, please send me an email with your CV and publications (if any).</strong></span></p>
